Clarifying the options for deploying rancher across clusters (#1042)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.6/pages-for-subheaders/deploy-apps-across-clusters.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/pages-for-subheaders/deploy-apps-across-clusters"/>
</head>

Rancher offers several ways to deploy applications across clusters, depending on version.

## Fleet

Rancher v2.5 introduced Fleet, a new way to deploy applications across clusters.

Continuous Delivery with Fleet is GitOps at scale. For more information, refer to the [Fleet section](../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/deploy-apps-across-clusters/fleet.md).

### Multi-cluster Apps

> In Rancher before v2.5, the multi-cluster apps feature was used to deploy applications across clusters. The multi-cluster apps feature is deprecated, but still available in Rancher v2.6.

Author: ```suggestion
In Rancher before v2.5, the multi-cluster apps feature was used to deploy applications across clusters. The multi-cluster apps feature is deprecated, but still available as a legacy feature.
```
